PROJECT NAME:
          VEHICLE SEAT HEAT MONITORING  SYSTEM

ABSTRACT:
The Vehicle Seat Heat Monitoring System is capable of maintaining of heat in the vehicles seats. In European countries, the temperature is very low and any electronic designer should make sure that his equipment should work efficiently in that weather By these vehicle Seat Monitoring System the driver in the vehicle Seat can see the  temperature is low are high and it work efficiently in that particular time. In European countries We know that the temperature is very low so we are sure that the design is worked in that situations. By the temperature sensor we sense and with LCD display temperature displays the driver seat accordingly and the heat will be monitoring in the Vehicle.
In our project, the sensor will sense is the driver has been seated or not and if the driver seated then he need to set the temperature accordingly. Based on that our controller will set the heater to required temperature. The Heater will generate the heat and a LCD display will show requested the temperature. In our project we have used ATmega328 microcontroller along with temperature sensor, Switches, Heat generator, and LCD display, etc. 
In these Project we mainly using ATMEGA328 microcontroller, it is an Arduino Uno the Atmel manufacturer company’s ATMEGA328p model microcontroller chip. It is an autonomous systems where a simple, low-powered , low-cost, microcontroller .Perhaps the most common implementation of this chip is on the popular Arduino development platform, namely the  Arduino Uno , Arduino Pro Mini and Arduino nano models
The features of the Vehicle heat seat Monitoring can be as follows, the System will sense is driver or passenger seated or not. Driver or Passenger has the access to modify the temperature in the vehicle. As per Drivers request, Heater will generate the heat accordingly. It is best for European Countries. Low cost and robust system. Modular Approach. 
            
